README.md, before:

# Github Contribution Reminder

A python script that sends you an SMS message with the number of contributions you've made that day
Makes use of a server (hosted on Heroku) that when sent a sms, can respond with a Github user's daily and yearly contribution number, as well as their current contribution streak.

### Technology
- Python 3
- Requests
- Twilio
- BeautifulSoup4
Includes a scheduler to allow you to set a specific time to run each day
Uses a heroku server to respond to text requests

### Options
- Choose which user to inspect
- Select the time to send sms or send immediately
- Send sms to retrieve information about streaks, daily contributions and yearly contributions
>Version 1.2

### Schedule Sender Setup(Windows)
- Download or clone the repository
- Make sure `pip` and Python 3 are installed
- Install the required modules
```
$ pip install requests
$ pip install BeautifulSoup4
$ pip install schedule
```
- Create an environ.py file in the same directiory as contributions.pyw
- Create a Twilio account and generate a number to send from
- Use your Twilio account to set each of the environment variables in a method called set_env within the config.py file
```
def set_env():
	os.environ['TWILIO_ACCOUNT_SID']=...
	os.environ['TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN']=...
	os.environ['TWILIO_NUMBER']=...#Check twilio for formatting requirements
	os.environ['MY_NUMBER']=...
```
- Set the scheduled time and your github username

### Usage
- Execute through command line
```
$ python contributions.pyw
```
- or Right click on file and run using Python


### Heroku Server Setup
- Download and clone repository
- Create heroku project
```
heroku create
```
- Push project to heroku
```
git push heroku master
```
- Change the webhook link on twilio to your heroku project link /sms

Commit message:

update readme and make slight readability changes

README.md, after:

# Github Contribution Reminder

A python script that sends you an SMS message with the number of contributions you've made that day at a given time(full-time hosting only)
Makes use of a server (hosted on Heroku) that when sent a sms, can respond with a Github user's daily and yearly contribution number, as well as their current contribution streak.

### Technology
- Python 3
- Requests
- Twilio
- BeautifulSoup4
Includes a scheduler to allow you to set a specific time to run each day
Uses a heroku server to respond to text requests

### Options
- Choose which user to inspect
- Select the time to send sms or send immediately
- Send sms to retrieve information about streaks, daily contributions and yearly contributions
>Version 1.3

### #1: Schedule Sender Setup(Windows/OSX)
- Download or clone the repository
- Make sure `pip` and Python 3 are installed
- Install the required modules
```
$ pip install requests
$ pip install BeautifulSoup4
$ pip install schedule
```
- Create a config.py file in the same directiory as contributions.pyw
- Create a Twilio account and generate a number to send from
- Use your Twilio account to set each of the environment variables in a method called set_env within the config.py file
```
import os
def set_env():
	os.environ['TWILIO_ACCOUNT_SID']=...
	os.environ['TWILIO_AUTH_TOKEN']=...
	os.environ['TWILIO_NUMBER']=...#Check twilio for formatting requirements
	os.environ['MY_NUMBER']=...
```

- Set the scheduled time and your github username within the main.pyw file

### Usage
- Execute through command line
```
$ python main.pyw
```
- or Right click on file and run using Python


### #2: SMS Response, Heroku Server Setup
- Download and clone repository
- Create heroku project
```
heroku create
```
- Push project to heroku
```
git push heroku master
```
- Set the environment variables(shown in section #1) manually add through Heroku web interface
- The MY_NUMBER environment variable is no longer required as the server will respond to whoever sends the message (assuming the number has been verified on the twilio account)
- For improved Heroku time data(For EST), I recommend adding the additional environment variable:
```
TZ:America/Atikokan
```
- Change the webhook link on twilio to your heroku project link, make sure to add /sms at the end of the link to direct it to the correct route. This should be a POST request.

### Usage
- Send a text to your number, it should respond with some helpful information about how to use the bot. Disregard the "Sent from your Twilio trial account", this will appear unless you pay for Twilio.
